you a gamblin man Jack not anymore
once camping man always gambling man
toss the coin one side you your family
live the life they always dreamed of him
aside he lose everything
you got a lot of money to some very bad
people so I bought your debt then I
gonna have to repay me that dead can we
just get to the job it's a legend in the
underworld it's the money play a
bulletproof casino in this guy
untouchable by any government agency
whatever you want to wait you're on the
money plane has you covered Russia where
does they carry up to a billion onboard
crypto and millions in cash you and your
crew to take down the house
that's insane yeah heck might even be a
good time now without further ado sit
back relax and prepare for takeoff
control
who's next
Wow
[Music]
you're dead
your families are all dead yo you're
cool and everyone you ever met jack by
the time you touchdown
[Music]
they'll bring me my money
you've got questions kid
I get it I need you to get back in the
car please this isn't real have you
figured this out yet you can't die get
up can you please not do that again
I have the new one and she said me so I
think she has potential so how old are
you
we met in the Crusades the Crusades we
killed each other many times we fought
thousands of battles side by side so
we've really never died
I think that lives lives forever one day
your wounds just don't feel that anymore
we don't know when there's a lot to
understand just because we keep living
doesn't mean you stop hurting
you've seen my research now you know
that for real I need all of them
corporate is individual extremely
resistant to capture we stop Marik here
and now or he never stops coming after
us
everyone's still with me yeah Joe I'm
very pissed off then let's go to work
I can't do this I got people that love
me everyone around you oh it's gonna die
the only ones ever watched it you've
ever loved
you're one of us now
always together you okay oh yeah I'm
fine
just hurts actually everything hurts
you heard me
what have you heard
are you the devil hi go although every
gang in LA has a bit of taxes so holes
they go if you stack shorten could rob a
bank
Rob your own mother there's no excuses
do not test that guys look like a couple
of monsters sub Johnny Cash how about
that time you got a wife you got some
cares about Castle you're supposed to
terrorize the herd that's my function
God allows me to walk the darkness to
come back into the light
what did you see at gangster
you're taxing 43 different street days
that's thousands of Jews in the most
violent so cultural Los Angeles
money in the future and you to pass got
your kids we want to buy him back you
don't think he wants to spill blood he
wants to cut your heart up can't run
what's left
I got a 380 on each ankle 38 in my ride
25 of my left chopper in the trunk
blocking my belt I'm on
[Music]
took my kids man
I'll Drive with you to the wheels from
your badge that battle right
open your mouth to splatter you brain
zone I don't want that what
how many albums have ya before and no
hits
honey find the songs that move you until
you do that you ain't going nowhere
Arita you do talk don't you
not just sing I'd like you to call me
Miss Franklin
[Music]
you have to disturb the peace when you
can't get no peace
will mark the viewers a 10 but the pot
roast on that drive are a serious
drawback I might have whiplash things
can only get better I don't hear from
you for months and then this sudden need
to sell the Tuscan house by last Tuesday
the house to be empty for 20 years if we
just cheer place up a bit get it sold
Tuscany is a romantic idyll
it's why all my clients come here you
have delivered me a building site whose
walls seem to have been painted by
Mussolini I wouldn't go on the bar if I
were you
there's a large weasel in the sink
that's not a euphemism good teeth
decisive a bad guy like all right forget
you're a holiday I'm actually here to
sell an old family house I love that
house I want to buy it I can only pay
you in risotto
how many balls do you offer it way the
light hits those windows takes a breath
away no that's the dust doing that
[Music]
why are you selling it Jax memories of
the house
not so good I heard about your mother
Jack I'm sorry I don't remember anything
you can't remember and I can't forget
[Music]
this house deserves to have his history
element
[Music]
everyone lets everyone down at some
point
how you come back from that - that's
romance rough translation very doable as
a late on the mattress I'd dozed off I
really started feeling like I was
dreaming I've had a dream that my son my
eight year old son was standing beside
my bed I remember in the dream asking
him why he was there who brought him
there and how to get there and I guess I
had enough consciousness to know he
shouldn't be there
so I immediately woke up and when I did
there was this figure standing beside
the bed had long arms skinny like
fingers skinny arms wings above his
shoulders and its face I could see dark
large circles where its eyes would be
[Music]
and it was late in the evening or coming
around the first curve and the first
curve will be near your graveyard
actually and as around the curve we
slowed down and the headlights hit
something in the road what they hit was
a form and for a split second I thought
oh it's a large burden mill the road
it's kind of stand up a little bit was
just one movement it shot straight up
when it got to that part of the house
and went up over the house
you actually could hear it I stood up
turned around to the back window to the
bedroom and you could see the shadow
whatever this was flying over the field
to the back of the house
[Music]
there are many like you Tamas who seek
refuge you this is Magda mother lives on
the top floor she's very ill why being
young a builder right that's what you
said try to make things bearable for
them she needs companionship like it
[Music]
like that is young Thomas she could
become attached
what's wrong weekend it has to be this
way I'm afraid
[Music]
did you kill people in the world what is
happening to me
[Music]
do you think you know what a demon is
she belongs to it
how are you Tomas settling in
I got you
our boy from London just got out a few
hours ago and coordinating a little meet
up with it missed you bunch of widows
the bats become Milanese its legend now
right
millions buried out in the desert many
people have tried to find it you know no
way I was gonna let find 33 million
dollars in the desert
another nowhere see all of us were today
[Applause]
today's the day the chicken pies are
cooked you tell me what you've been
planning
look stick you're going to jail all over
again
we're just pawns in his game of chess
and the money they say it's buried out
there somewhere I'm a food inspector you
spend my day is going from restaurant to
restaurant making sure things are up to
standard
some of you may have heard about my
daughter what happened to her kind of
homeless here that can tell you she came
from a very loving family
my goodness having a woman do something
like that for an hour for dinner before
we need to leave one join me where's
everyone going
wouldn't be everybody just be at two of
us he wouldn't have asked you out if you
don't think you were attractive and
reputation is about to be made nothing
actually happened I want to go to jail
for something you didn't do all I want
to know is if that's the truth he was
messing around with her so we started
messing around with him
[Music]
I think sometimes people whether it's
right or wrong come to an arrangement
he's a kid
what's wrong with you I'd never believe
that my daughter was capable of such
terrible crimes everything you've done
everything you are dancing with me it's
up to me to find this person who spread
with you with the whole business crew I
think I become a guest of honor
[Music]
my dearest Tara I'm sorry we haven't
spoken for so long
Sarah gets Isabella I'm outside our
bakery waiting for you perhaps we could
meet up and discuss your brilliant
bakery it's time we spoke again all my
love
mum leave me karachi yes
you know this girl she's my best
friend's daughter and where's your
friend what the hell are you gonna do
but there is somebody I could still try
I didn't expect you to have quite so
much please tell me where we're going
Isabella mum would have wanted us to
open this bakery so that is what we're
going to do you can definitely see its
potential
what is attractant what's that smell
cats piss croissants fresh from the oven
I'm here about the baking job it's a
rose macaron filled with rose petal and
lychee crema and fresh raspberries the
batter's under mixed sorry not by much
but it could do with a few more Falls
there are four other bakers what makes
you so special why didn't try one coming
good luck here we go
Wow crowds this city is home to people
from all over the place
we make our bakery something to remind
them of home you were her best friend
if anyone can put her spirit into this
it's you so you're gonna join me a walk
[Applause]
[Music]
love Sara would you like to come in for
coffee
I might be up all night look at me body
was dumped in the water I think whoever
killed her was hunting her for sport I
wouldn't call it a sport for yeah she
was hunted breaking news
we're here at a crime scene where a body
has been found I need to see that girl
she could be her daughter
I remember hearing about your daughter
I'm still catching up an active cases my
daughter's case is far from active
there's someone out there killing
teenage girls what do you think he used
called mental a boy ain't no toy
designed to kill we are one league he's
gonna get what's coming down
absolutely questions who knows if the
suspect isn't that well and he has at
last in his basement
your brother owned in Atlanta are you
forgetting who the sheriff says there is
no Sheriff you we never know as much as
we think we do Alice
[Music]
yeah Chuck the IQ behind you will show
just some top of the diversity
[Music]
yes
[Applause]
that's nuances in the sponsor haha doozy
Oh
[Applause]
[Music]
I was a missionary I'm pulls up to
college for a boy whose mom
a small conjugates are you okay
[Music]
he says
Oh
[Music]